what can I help you with Lord of
Darkness I'm looking for a date the date
is Friday July 13th no no I want to meet
someone understood you want to eat dim
sum don't you get it I want to go on a
date I'm lonely I understand you want
Bologna though many eyes those few eyes
not into Pentacles dad you're stressed
out from working too hard you need a
vacation from running everyone else's
vacation and I know just how to fix it I
said you could stay with me as long as
you behave the bones family reunion is
here to check yes wonderful I was a
Oh No I need a break
pull over the century the hotel has been
his life
next summer
[Music]
yeah so impressive it's like a hotel on
the water come on there's so much to do
you could go scuba diving or just enjoy
the view
[Music]
thank you
maybe you'll find your own fireworks on
the cruise it's not The Love Boat drag
you must be the one and only Dracula hey
do be de Shula a GU BD there's something
about an accent that makes a man sound
so intelligent duper days shooting a
coupie day you were right
great-grandfather van Helsing monsters
are disgusting they have no idea what's
about to happen to them
all going according to plan
[Music]
there is something about that woman I
don't trust the food here is to die for
must have been garlic in the guacamole
that's deadly for you hey was that you
[Music]